whenever you have to go and display your components conditionally. any condition is true then and only you have to display that component.
 to go and use conditional rendering we use lwc:if tag
 if this property is truthify then and only my component is rendered. Otherwise it will check the other condition and finally the else statement if none of the conditions are true.
 our legacy code is if:true|false.recently salesforce came up with new syntax like lwc:if and lwc:elseif, lwc:else
 lwc:elseif must be preceeded by lwc:if
 lwc:else must be preceeded by either if or else if

 Rendering the list:

 --we have to deal with more than one record
 you have to get more than one record one by one
 we have to make api call to other system in the form of array

 option1: for:each
 <template for:each. you will go and specify the array you want as ouput>

 for:item--- to access the current item or one item from array
 it is somewhat similar as apex
 for(contact con: contacts)
 contacts as for:each
 con as for:item

 --immediately whenever you start iterating you have to specify the key
 the key must be the unique id to each element.

 render List:iterator
 when we have to use iterator and when we have to use for:each

 both do the same thing
 -- when ever we have to apply speacial behavior to the first or last item in the list then we have to go for iterator
 -- with these boolean variables it.first and it.last we can identify which is first and which is last item. 
 --you want to display some header before moving to the first component.if you want to do some processing as soon as the last component is loaded.

 <template iterator:it={contacts}> iterator name can be anything. generrally people use it followed by the array name.
 --whenever you ahve to access the array we have to use key={it.value.id}

 -- queryselector

 -- whenever you have to access any elements from dom we have to go for queryselector
 --don't use iD selectors with querylocator
 in lwc we use as
 this.template.queryselector